Do you have a boyfriend? I do
Kosuki Zuoi Ichiro meets his father-in-law and mother-in-law
You want to marry people
7 days I know you have hated me since you were a child
But this is my business.
What are you going to do?
elder brother
Really discerning
This Zuojing is a talented person
I heard that Zuojing
Now it is one of the largest foreign businesspeople in Haicheng.
Nice
Western parents-in-law can marry Miss Tian Ke
Little prey is no salute
Bei's purely handmade watch
Give it to the original five generations
Myanmar Emperor Green Jade Bracelet
A global limited edition supercar is given to the Nian brothers
A Christie exclusive necklace
To Miss Tianke
Zhao Junjie
There are millions of these things
Let you break
Just 8 million
These little gifts
Compared to my love for Miss Tian Ke
And that's the tip of the iceberg.
Did you see it?
Zuo Jingjun is 8 million
This is called strength
That's called sincerity
What do you compare?
God, if you want more face
Just get out of here
Don't delay my daughter's happiness
I wanted to wish Ake happiness in the future
But since you want to marry a nest person
I don't mind a one-on-one ratio